PROBLEM: Councils and communities want to make their city a cleaner place to
live, but only have finite resources. They need to know how to focus their
attention so that they can achieve the maximum benefit for their efforts

WHAT CAN THEY USE TO FIND OUT WHERE TO FOCUS?
---------------------------------------------

What places are statistically worse off along certain vectors?
    - Info on cleanliness factors, litter, grafitti, vandalism etc.
    - If we could get a visualisation ward by ward which showed not only how bad
      each of these places were for this, but also what the general trend is (is
      a place getting more full of grafitti or not?) Then the council could
      target areas of critical concern

What do the communities actually want
    - Other than talking sheer numbers, there might be concern in a certain area
      for particular trouble spots. The example we will focus on is graffitti.
      Not all graffitti is created equal. If the council doesnt have the
      resources to get rid of every mark on every building we need to find out
      which pieces of graffiti a place particularly wants rid of. What might
      influence this? If a piece of graffiti is deemed particularly insensitive
      (e.g a swastika or a giant penis) if a piece of graffiti is in a visible
      area or close to a local school where young people may see it. Sometimes
      councils have even found in the past that certain pieces of graffiti
      actually become part of the community and that people become aggravated
      when they are blanket removed.

We propose a system where citizens can upload geolocated pictures of graffiti
around their area which can be ranked by proximity to high populous schools,
flagged for particular offensiveness, and voted on whether it is really a
concern of the people or not (I want this removed / This doesnt bother me).

A summary of the most aggravating pieces of graffiti along with broader heatmap
info of which wards are being hit the most (census style data and uploads of
graffiti in real time) would allow councils to focus their effors in a more
productive way
